it's lazy it just doesn't work it's
making a little bit angry yeah thank you
what happened to you I thought you out
Roberts like that
well when you break up with someone it's
not really very fun to go swimming with
them anymore
hey broke up you dumped you why is that
the assumption here what are you hoping
you're in oh my god
I'm engaged well that's good because
your mother and I are separating
I would just like to get out of here
near it's a llama extent he just fired
his last assistant now he needs someone
to paint a barn
using only the color yellow okay that's
fine
Norway Norway actual Norway
mr. our man I'm so happy to meet you
it's so beautiful it's almost like a bad
painting it looks like a painting that
you would make not you but certainly not
you at all
like if you tried to make a painting of
it it would almost feel like it's cheesy
this is yours it's amazing to be your
apprentice do not use the road amazing
okay this is just hard work you're gonna
hate it
[Music]
the waiking museum this is holder he
plays the chief I am the chief where are
you from Cincinnati you have met he's
here because he understands the real
value of if I can get off first father
but my son I am here is it your mother
Ben's baked genji larry elder
[Music]
[Applause]
and what is this here Geron gosh it
really is
you
[Music]
your parents tell me you were born with
unique condition most beautiful baby
I've ever seen accidentally kill people
I'm sorry I don't follow
when people see me you accidentally
assault people with your face yeah it's
strange it is weird
[Music]
what are you doing though just kind of
the middle something you'd you probably
find a higher bridge wait wait wait what
good evening she went least get her last
name was she hot
I have to tell you something I was born
with a face
and people see me they don't
have you ever thought about if your life
for a movie what song they would use in
the montage is for one of those moments
for your life derails you and all you
hear is this
[Applause]
[Music]
oh my god I tried to tell him damn it
max
you
[Music]
just so
cause dr. hunt
[Applause]
[Music]
you get the truck come back with the
money that's two point five million
dollars per head if you come back alive
[Music]
so I wish compiled
I just took it on time ago name
[Music]
no fine
cosmetics
dr. Dawson
yeah
how's my man Oh what their play huh I
really hope you're happy there
you know missing you I'm working on
something to bring you back
they'd never managed to connect to
computers of the archive
I waited a long time and then I saw
something
we had a visit from the archive company
the subject is Elmo Julie pass 10 times
so far 2 years 8 months 4 days and she's
not ready to go yet of course they think
your robots might be based around their
technology we are obliged to act with
force if necessary you made another like
me I'm not replacing me but you did
perfect
I want to go this is home
Jules can you hear me
do not let her outside under any
circumstances
I have to try to get her back I am
shutting you down
in danger do they want
come on you let me show you how to back
and then I'll get out of your hair
the stars are insane I should have
brought the telescope oh we need tell us
got in the city for this is like a
peeping tom or something
Charlie tell me that's not a camera get
through tonight we leave first thing in
the morning
what's going on
[Music]
it'd be over soon I promise this will
never be over
this is not okay Charlie writes topics
of God everything is fine
[Music]
funny we need to move what are you
talking about I thought things were
great things had dried up here
[Music]
this would be our fourth move in tanning
beds but money is fine right yeah right
yeah
[Music]
this is a first stone how about this
perfect ion that's what he always wanted
[Music]
is it you're embarrassing and you're
exhausting
I paid our rent I paid for Ben's school
I bought you a car I bought you a horse
I paid for construction on your barn
you're delusional
I'll make money for us for us it's not
for us it's so you can go to fancy
parties and tell people we have horses
for the first time in years I feel
worthwhile I feel powerful you're a poor
kid pretending to be rich we don't have
any friends here but have any family
what does it matter so much to you
because I deserve this a lot more
[Music]
is he suppose they all deposit all
avianna not for Humber been a missionary
geology darkest is configured on man
preparator donned a guarantor my marelit
agenda of a machine be a pleasure huh
Chris mammal have a pay structure at
Tony
to gather momentum be yourself to them
to treat the middle the other one
I'm gonna do I wanted more
[Music]
ahem ahem emerges cara de Vionnet behind
here camera Savannah and former Anna
who's Rita please Sarah okay
Erica Tomlin shows it'll surely police
remover you know krutov attendant
whiskers have a pedophile it easy to
parent ropa para ponerse a la madrina
partially shop Silesia the burner see
not have to citizen
[Music]
it's hot catcher
/ faithfully completely for parish was
quite hard
[Applause]
[Music]
don't play honest well a victory be a
victim or a better savages effect truly
done
[Music]
I'm here with the globe I'm writing an
article on an operation Goliath you can
either tell me what really happened
or you can squander this precious
opportunity I'd be very careful before I
print anything about this case or what
don't want you to get hurt operation is
a national scandal the police seem to be
restricted by access can't publish this
it could blow up in our face I'm writing
my article you can put on the front page
or not
[Applause]
I went out a little late for that if
what really happened here reaches the
public
[Music]
[Applause]
what citizen is gonna be executed what I
can do thing about it government
abandoned I supposed to leave him out
there to rot
[Music]
you